Link to Integration Error Codes (#3178)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/integration_error_codes.md

| errors.awaiting-retry.5xx          | The partner's API report an internal error. Consider disabling this integration or contact the integration partner to address this issue.                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| errors.awaiting-retry.ENOTFOUND<br>errors.awaiting-retry.ECONNREFUSED <br>errors.awaiting-retry.ECONNRESET<br>errors.awaiting-retry.ECONNABORTED<br>errors.awaiting-retry.EHOSTUNREACH<br>errors.awaiting-retry.EAI_AGAIN | Segment is unable to establish a connection with the partner's server. This could mean your Segment configurations contain some invalid settings or that the integration is no longer operational.  If your configurations are valid, consider disabling this integration or contact the integration partner to address this issue. |

> | Others                             | Refer to the error message you receive for more information. Refer to our <a href="/docs/connections/test-connections/"> How do I test my connections guide</a> for more debugging help. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Others                             | Refer to the error message you receive for more information. See the article,  <a href="/docs/connections/test-connections/"> How do I test my connections guide</a> for more debugging help. 
```

Can you try making this link in markdown format as well?
